doc/clickhouse: add materialized view (#2491)
ariga/atlas: doc/md/atlas-schema/hcl.mdx

}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem label="Clickhouse" value="clickhouse">

When creating materialized views with `TO [db.]table`, 

> the view will be created with the same structure as the table or view specified in the `TO` clause

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the view will be created with the same structure as the table or view specified in the `TO` clause.
```

```hcl
materialized "mat_view" {
  schema     = schema.public
  to         = table.dest
  as         = "SELECT * FROM table.src"
  depends_on = [table.src]
}
```

The `engine` and `primary_key` attributes are required if the `TO` clause is not specified.

> In this syntax `populate` can be used for the first time to populate the materialized view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this syntax, `populate` can be used for the first time to populate the materialized view.
```

```hcl
materialized "mat_view" {
  schema = schema.public
  engine = MergeTree
  column "id" {
    type = UInt32
  }
  column "name" {
    type = String
  }
  primary_key {
    columns = [column.id]
  }

>   as       = "SELECT * FROM table.src"
>   populate = true
>   depends_on = [table.src]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  as         = "SELECT * FROM table.src"
  populate   = true
  depends_on = [table.src]
```

}
```

:::info
Note that modifying the materialized view structure 

> after the initial creation is not supported by Atlas in this version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
after the initial creation is not supported by Atlas in this version.
```

> after the initial creation is not supported by Atlas in this version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
after the initial creation is not supported by Atlas currently.
```
